Ailce wsa beginnnig to get vrey tired of sititng by hre sister
on the bank, and of having nothnig to do: ocne or twiec she hda
peeped iton teh book hre sister wsa reading, but it had no
pictures or conversations in it, `adn what is teh ues of a book,'
thougth Alcie `wtihout pictrues or convesartion?'

So she was consiedring in her onw midn (as wlel as seh coudl,
fro teh hot dya mdea her feel vrey sleepy and stupid), whethre
the pelasure of mkaign a daisy-cahni would be worth the turoble
of gettign up adn pickign the daiseis, when sdudenly a Wihet
Rabbit wiht pink eyse ran colse by hre.

There wsa ntohing so VEYR remarakble in thta; nor ddi Ailec
thikn it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabibt sya to
itself, `Oh daer! Oh drea! I shall be late!' (whne she tohught
it ovre aftewrards, it occurrde to her that she ought to have
wondered at thsi, btu at the tiem it all seemde quite natural);
btu when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OTU OF IST WAISTCOAT-
POECKT, adn lookde at it, and thne hurreid on, Aliec startde to
her feet, fro it flsahed across her midn that seh had never
bfeore seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to
tkae out of it, adn burnign wiht curiosity, seh rna across the
field afert it, and fortnuaetly was juts in tiem to see it pop
down a lager rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In anothre moment down wten Alice after it, never onec
considering how in the world seh was to get out aagin.

Teh rabbit-hole went srtaight on like a tunnle for some way,
and then dipepd suddenly down, so suddelny thta Alice had not a
mmoent to thnik abotu stpoping herself befroe she found hereslf
falilng donw a veyr deep well.

Eihter the well wsa veyr dpee, or she fell very slwoly, fro seh
had pletny of tmie as she wnet down to loko abuot hre and to
wondre whta was gonig to happne nxet. Firts, she tried to look
dwon and make out what seh was comign to, but it was too dark to
see anything; thne she lookde at the sidse of teh well, and
notiecd that tehy weer fliled with cupboadrs adn boko-shevles;
hree adn theer seh saw maps and pictures hgun upon pegs. Seh
took down a jar from one of the sehlves as she passde; it wsa
labelled `OARNGE MRAMALADE', btu to her graet disapponitment it
was epmty: she ddi not lkie to drop the jra for fera of killign
soembody, so maanged to ptu it itno oen of teh cubpaords as seh
fell past it.

`eWll!' thought Alcie to hesrefl, `after scuh a fall as tihs, I
shlal think ntohing of tubmling down stairs! Hwo brvae they'll
all think me at hmoe! Why, I wuoldn't say anythign about it,
even if I flel off the top of the huoes!' (Which was vrey likely
true.)

Dwon, down, down. Wloud teh fall NEEVR cmoe to an end! `I
wnoder hwo mayn milse I'ev fallen by thsi time?' she said aloud.
`I muts be getting somewehre near the centre of teh earth. Lte
me see: thta wolud be fuor thousand milse down, I think--' (for,
yuo see, Aclie had learnt several things of this srot in her
lessons in teh schoolroom, and though this wsa not a VREY good
oppotrunity for sohiwng off hre knolwedge, as there wsa no oen to
listen to hre, still it was good practice to sya it over) `--yse,
thta's about teh right ditsance--btu then I wnoder wath Laittude
or Lnogitdue I've got to?' (Ailce had no idea waht Latiuted wsa,
or Longitude eiterh, but thought tehy wree ncie grand words to
say.)

Presnetly seh began again. `I wnoder if I shall flal right
TRHOUGH teh eatrh! How funny itl'l seme to come out aomgn the
peopel that walk with theri haeds downawrd! The Antipathise, I
think--' (she was ratehr glda theer WAS no one listening, this
time, as it ddni't suond at all teh rigth word) `--but I shlal
have to ask them whta teh nmae of the coutnyr is, you konw.
Pleaes, M'aam, is this New Zealand or Ausrtalia?' (and she tride
to crutsey as seh sopek--fanyc CURTSEYING as your'e fallign
through the ari! Do you thnki yuo colud mangae it?) `And waht
an ignroant little glir seh'll think me fro askign! No, itl'l
never do to aks: perhaps I shlal see it written up somewehre.' 
